morning
the Apple watch it's accurate within 50
milliseconds of the UTC you can add many
details to the face that you choose if
you can see things like whether your
calendar control your music your heart
rate read and respond to that message
instantly if you want you can receive
calls on your watch you can read full
emails if you press the side button you
can bring up your friend sketch on your
watch and that sketch will be animated
on your friends watch exactly as you
drew it you can also tap your watch to
get your friends attention and you can
even sin your heart beat and so the
Apple watch tracks your daily movement
it tracks how long you're exercising or
getting brisk activity and it even
reminds you if you've been sitting too
long at the end of the week on a Monday
it will send you a report of how you did
the previous week Apple watch also has a
new workout app and it will provide
detailed metrics about your workout that
you can see during your workout things
like how many calories you're burning
the distance you're traveling the time
all of these things are very easily
tracked while while you're using the
watch because you will also learn that
you can pay with Apple pay using your
Apple watch you can view your photos you
can control your music and you can
interface with Apple watch with Siri
just using your voice you can receive
any notification that you receive on
iphone today you can receive on your
watch in Iowa in iOS 8.2 you will find
this new app the Apple watch app iOS 8.2
is available today for download during a
typical day you can expect 18 hours so
that works for most people I think if
you hold the
magnetic charger near the back of the
watch it will automatically click into
place now we've curated Apple watch into
three collections the first collection
is the Apple watch sport and it has
anodized aluminum and it's available in
silver or Space Gray and it has colorful
bands that are made out of
high-performance floor elastomer now the
Apple watch sport starts at only $349
for the 38 millimeter model and only $50
more for the 42 millimeter model the
Apple watch collection and you can get
them in either a traditional finish or
this beautiful space black now the Apple
watch collection also comes in two sizes
the 38 millimeter starts at only 549 and
ranges to 10 49 depending upon your
selection of the watch band the 42
millimeter is only $50 more now the
Apple watch Edition their cases are made
from 18 carat solid gold now there will
be limited quantities of the Apple watch
edition it is priced from $10,000 and it
will be available in select retail
stores we're taking pre-orders beginning
on April the 10th the Apple watch is
available on April 24th and it will be
available in many countries throughout
the world and you can be assured that
we're working as hard as possible as
fast as possible to deliver them to even
more countries thank you